# StudentHack2025
The main challenge of StudentHack2025

## Note
- Unfortunately, my laptop is too **laggy** to submit a recording (my apologies)
- Note that you will not be able to use ```xml-doc/web-testing-eventlite.xml``` to run the programme (please upload ```xml-doc/web-testing-epublication.xml``` instead to try the programme). This is because ```xml-doc/web-testing-eventlite.xml``` is testing Year 2 Software Engineering 2 COMP23412 Project EventLite and the source code is not uploaded for school's security
- Note that you will not be able to see the AI feature because it requires API_KEY, which is not pushed to the respository. Thus, in this demo, this feature is removed but most of the remaining features work fine

## To run the programme
```
# View the content of xml-doc/web-testing-evnetlite.xml for larger-scale testing
# Use xml-doc/web-testing-epublication.xml for demo
python -m venv .
source bin/activate
export FLASK_APP=app
pip install -r requirements.txt
flask run
```

## To shutdown the programme
```
deactivate
```


## Answer for GDG Challenge
### Number of Members
- We have 2 members only
### Project Name
- The project name is **Automation Web Tester**
### AI Usage
- We used Google Gemini API to improve the test report summary generated by our programme
### Big and Inevitable Problem
- By 2080, it is expected the Internet is going to increase drastically in **size**. Unfortunately, it is very difficult to ensure all software systems on the Internet run correctly as people make mistakes. Despite the large number of test cases and testing tools available nowadays, the **demand** of testing developers will never meet the **supply** of test cases to ensure substantial correctness of all programmes. This is because there are a lot of edge cases for 1 simple problem and not all errors can be foreseen. To test thoroughly, people came up with ideas like **mocking**, **integration tests** and the most *tedious* among all, **user-interaction testing**, which involves *manually* testing the website correctness. 
### Proposed Solution
- **Automation Web Tester** provides a convenient and smart way to automate and streamline the process of **user-interaction testing**. With a simple reusable XML configuration file, one can utilise Selenium to run multiple test cases concurrently on multiple window browsers. The summary of the test report is also enhanced with Gemini AI to provide more concise and human-readable format of feedback. 
### Summary of Code
- My code consists 2 big components, a frontend made with Flask that accepts a XML configuration file. The file will then be passed to the backend of the website, which is processed with BeautifulSoup to extract important metadata. With the metadata, which server as instructions of testing, Selenium is then used to run browsers to simulate user interactions and automatically checks the expected software outputs. After the test measurement, the intermediate JSON data is passed to Gemini AI for a more concise feedback. The feedback and result from backend are then returned to the frontend for visualisation with CSS and Three.js to give users an immersive experience, 